When you go to a trial,
everything is recorded, who asks you, what question, what you
answer, all the answers and all
the questions exactly, the
transcript, and specifically today you have
commented on a part, two statements from
two forensic experts, there is one specifically from
those three statements that what it does
is analyze the body of Daniel Sancho, they have
told us or the defense has wanted to tell us
throughout this time that
Daniel Sancho all the wounds that he
presented were from having
defended himself from an attack by good
Arrieta, no. Well, this forensic expert clearly
and crystalline says two very
important things, the first is that Daniel does not
have wounds from violence, meaning that he was not
attacked, and the second is that the
injuries that he said were bites are not
bites, they are made with fingernails,
those injuries
normally appear in people who are
trying to kill and when they are at the
last moment with their hands, well, they scratch, he does
not totally rule out that the wounds
on the forearms are bites, they are not
bites, they are marks made with fingernails and he
also rules out that any of the
injuries that Daniel presents, which are
nine, are the result of an attack